Game concept:


Single-player time trial driving game on a snowy mountain! You race a snowmobile down a mountain pass and avoid obstacles (trees & big boulders)

Gameplay would be barebones -- maybe just a timer and obstacles along the way to not crash into. Goal could be to get to the end as fast as possible without crashing.

Then just focus everything else of the graphics engine and what not--really the "game" is just there to give the renderer something to work with. 

------------------

Gameplay:

Spawn at the peak--then theres a 3-2-1-GO countdown and a timer starts
Drive down the mountain, evading obstacles on your way to the finish line.
Play for the best time!

Speed ranges from 0 to some maximum

Acceleration happens at one rate
breaking happens at another rate
* Acceleration should be relatively slow and gradual, breaking should be quick and more instantaneous


Crashing into an obstacle slows your speed to 0, and you have to reverse to get around it.
If you crash 3 times, your engine stalls for a few seconds before starting up again


------------------


Graphical elements to have:



****Deferred PBR renderer!!!

Day/Night cycles (sunrise and sunset)
* Nice lighting effects
* Snowmobile can have headlights that you can toggle on / off to improve visiblity at night (and during a blizzard!)


Weather effects!
* Clear sky, sunny
* overcast w/ light snowfall
* Blizzard!

Track starts out sunny, then there are two fixed points at the 1-third and 2-thirds marks where
the weather transitions more towards Blizzard

As the weather progresses from clear to light snow to blizzard, visibility gets worse and worse, giving you
less time to react to obstacles. (And also just fun to play with weather particle affects, fog, lighting, etc)


Raymarched volumetric clouds!

Shadows

Snow deformation via heightfields


--------------------


Gameplan:

Divide the project into two "phases"

1. Deferred PBR Renderer
2. Add game mechanics and vehicle/character interactions on-top of it afterwards
